README.md, before:

# catalyst_challenge


## Table of Contents

- [Catalyst Challenge](#catalyst_challenge)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Feature Completion Status](#features_completion_status)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [How to run the script](#how_to_run_the_script)
  - [How to use the test script](how_to_use_the_test_script)

## Feature Completion Status


Below is the list of features and their completion status. 

- [x] Create a Docker environment with Dockerfile the united with the Assumptions in the task (Ubuntu 22.04, Mysql)
- [x] Perform basic requirements
- [x] Apply Security measurement: DOS (import from CSV)
- [x] Apply Security measurement: SQL Injection (import from CSV)
- [ ] Apply Security measurement: OS Injection
- [x] Generate test script
- [ ] A frontend web for easy test
- [ ] Create a docker-compose.yml to have a seperate volume so that we can do docker run directly without have to use /bin/bash
- [ ] Fix the database config, it is better to create a DBConfig class or create a .env 
- [ ] Expose the docker so that it can insert into other Mysql database outside

## Installation
1. Install the assumptions environment: Ubuntu 22.04, php8.1, mysql

2. Build the docker:
   ```bash
   #Build the docker
   docker build -t catalyst .
   ```
## How to run the script  

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/ERHWJtk7uQeMncFOaNID5Q0ah.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/ERHWJtk7uQeMncFOaNID5Q0ah)

1. Run with the assumptions environment

2. Access the docker terminal and run the script:
  - Access /bin/bash:
  ```bash
   #Access the terminal inside docker
   docker run -it --rm catalyst /bin/bash
   ```
  - Run the script:
   ```bash
    php user_upload.php [options]  
   ```

3. Run the script directly

*Note: This will not preserve the database since the database is in the docker as php script (all inside the Ubuntu docker).*
*This is the assumptions I made: in case the database is outside of docker we can expose the docker and the script will still run as an independence tools.*

  - Parse the argument into it directly:
  ```bash
    #Run directly like ... --help
    docker run -it --rm catalyst --file test_data.csv
  ```

## How to use the test script
*In addition I create a script to create CSV file for testing. This script will add invalid special characters at random point to test the filters ability*

 ```bash
    #File output at the location of running
    php test/test.php
  ```

Commit message:

feat(index.php): Create a simple frontend for easy test

README.md, after:

# catalyst_challenge

## Table of Contents

- [Catalyst Challenge](#catalyst_challenge)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Feature Completion Status](#features_completion_status)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [How to run the script](#how_to_run_the_script)
  - [How to use the test script](how_to_use_the_test_script)

## Feature Completion Status


Below is the list of features and their completion status. 

- [x] Create a Docker environment with Dockerfile the united with the Assumptions in the task (Ubuntu 22.04, Mysql)
- [x] Perform basic requirements
- [x] Apply Security measurement: DOS (import from CSV)
- [x] Apply Security measurement: SQL Injection (import from CSV)
- [ ] Apply Security measurement: OS Injection
- [x] Generate test script
- [ ] A frontend web for easy test
- [ ] Create a docker-compose.yml to have a seperate volume so that we can do docker run directly without have to use /bin/bash
- [ ] Fix the database config, it is better to create a DBConfig class or create a .env 
- [ ] Expose the docker so that it can insert into other Mysql database outside

## Installation
1. Install the assumptions environment: Ubuntu 22.04, php8.1, mysql

2. Build the docker:
   ```bash
   #Build the docker
   docker build -t catalyst .
   ```
## How to run the script  

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/ERHWJtk7uQeMncFOaNID5Q0ah.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/ERHWJtk7uQeMncFOaNID5Q0ah)

1. Run with the assumptions environment

2. Access the docker terminal and run the script:
  - Access /bin/bash:
  ```bash
   #Access the terminal inside docker
   docker run -it --rm catalyst /bin/bash
   ```
  - Run the script:
   ```bash
    php user_upload.php [options]  
   ```

3. Run the script directly

*Note: This will not preserve the database since the database is in the docker as php script (all inside the Ubuntu docker).*
*This is the assumptions I made: in case the database is outside of docker we can expose the docker and the script will still run as an independence tools.*

  - Parse the argument into it directly:
  ```bash
    #Run directly like ... --help
    docker run -it --rm catalyst --file test_data.csv
  ```

## How to use the test script
*In addition I create a script to create CSV file for testing. This script will add invalid special characters at random point to test the filters ability*

 ```bash
    #File output at the location of running
    php test/test.php
```
The test csv name is: test_data.csv after that, use as normal and use the test_data.csv instead of users.csv
